docs/usdf-applications/ap/s3-file-notifications/procedures.rst, before:

##########
Procedures
##########

Intended audience: Anyone who is administering the S3 File Notifications Kafka cluster.

Deployment
==========
.. Deployment process for the application.  Included upgrades and rollback procedures

Deployment is with Phalanx and ArgoCD.

Maintenance
===========
.. Maintenance tasks. How maintenance is communicated and carried out.

Maintenance should be announced on the #lsstcam-prompt-processing Slack channel.

Backup
======
.. Procedures for backup including how to verify backups.

No backups required.  The file notifications are not needed after they are processed.

Cold Startup
============
.. Steps if needed to recover application after downtime or disaster.

If the Brokers start before the Controllers restart the Controllers.

Cold Shutdown
=============
.. Any procedures needed to cleanly shutdown application before USDF downtime.

No cold shutdown procedures needed.

Reproduce Service
=================
.. How to reproduce service for testing purposes.

Create another environment in Phalanx and deploy to a different namespace.

.. _View_Prompt_Kafdrop_Messages:

View Messages
=============

Topics and messages can be viewed in Kafdrop at:

* `Kafdrop S3 Prod <https://usdfprod-prompt-processing.slac.stanford.edu/kafdrop-s3/>`__
* `Kafdrop S3 Dev <https://usdfdev-prompt-processing.slac.stanford.edu/kafdrop-s3/>`__

Pulling Messages
================

To manually download messages for examination run the below command.  Update the IP to list the topics for dev.

.. rst-class:: technote-wide-content

.. code-block:: bash

    apptainer exec kafka_0.34.0-kafka-3.4.0.sif /opt/kafka/bin/kafka-console-consumer.sh --bootstrap-server 172.24.10.54:9094 --topic rubin-summit-notification-6 --group test-1 --from-beginning > prompt-file-notifications.txt

.. _Creating_File_Notifications:

Creating File Notifications
===========================

The ``rubin-pp-dev`` bucket is used in Prompt Processing Dev.  The ``rubin-summit`` bucket is used for Prompt Processing Prod.  To create run the commands in the shell scripts at https://github.com/slaclab/usdf-embargo-deploy/blob/main/bucket-notifications/

Upgrading Kafka
===============

See :ref:`Upgrading Kafka`

Upgrading Strimzi Operator
==========================

See :ref:`Upgrading Strimzi Operator`

Commit message:

Add instructions for setting S3 File Notifications Kafka partitions and expiration.

docs/usdf-applications/ap/s3-file-notifications/procedures.rst, after:

##########
Procedures
##########

Intended audience: Anyone who is administering the S3 File Notifications Kafka cluster.

Deployment
==========
.. Deployment process for the application.  Included upgrades and rollback procedures

Deployment is with Phalanx and ArgoCD.

Maintenance
===========
.. Maintenance tasks. How maintenance is communicated and carried out.

Maintenance should be announced on the #lsstcam-prompt-processing Slack channel.

Backup
======
.. Procedures for backup including how to verify backups.

No backups required.  The file notifications are not needed after they are processed.

Cold Startup
============
.. Steps if needed to recover application after downtime or disaster.

If the Brokers start before the Controllers restart the Controllers.

Cold Shutdown
=============
.. Any procedures needed to cleanly shutdown application before USDF downtime.

No cold shutdown procedures needed.

Reproduce Service
=================
.. How to reproduce service for testing purposes.

Create another environment in Phalanx and deploy to a different namespace.

.. _View_Prompt_Kafdrop_Messages:

View Messages
=============

Topics and messages can be viewed in Kafdrop at:

* `Kafdrop S3 Prod <https://usdfprod-prompt-processing.slac.stanford.edu/kafdrop-s3/>`__
* `Kafdrop S3 Dev <https://usdfdev-prompt-processing.slac.stanford.edu/kafdrop-s3/>`__

Pulling Messages
================

To manually download messages for examination run the below command.  Update the IP to list the topics for dev.

.. rst-class:: technote-wide-content

.. code-block:: bash

    apptainer exec kafka_0.34.0-kafka-3.4.0.sif /opt/kafka/bin/kafka-console-consumer.sh --bootstrap-server 172.24.10.54:9094 --topic rubin-summit-notification-6 --group test-1 --from-beginning > prompt-file-notifications.txt

.. _Creating_File_Notifications:

Creating Ceph Bucket Notifications
==================================

The ``rubin-pp-dev`` bucket is used in Prompt Processing Dev.  The ``rubin-summit`` bucket is used for Prompt Processing Prod.  Bucket notifications are used by Prompt Processing and Embargo ingest to identify when new files are created in S3 buckets.

To create notifications perform the following:

#. Run the commands in the shell scripts at https://github.com/slaclab/usdf-embargo-deploy/blob/main/bucket-notifications/ for either dev or prod.  Note that Ceph requires that the Kafka topic not exist.
#. Increase the number of Kafka partitions with the below command.  This is to needed to increase performance with multiple consumers connecting at the same time.  A topic expiration is set to expire old messages.  Since Ceph creates the topic this cannot be configured through Strimzi.

With the Dev instance of S3-File-Notifcations run below.

.. rst-class:: technote-wide-content

.. code-block:: bash

    apptainer exec kafka_0.34.0-kafka-3.4.0.sif /opt/kafka/bin/kafka-topics.sh --bootstrap-server 172.24.10.50:9094 --alter --topic prompt-processing-dev--partitions 200
    apptainer exec kafka_0.34.0-kafka-3.4.0.sif  /opt/kafka/bin/kafka-configs.sh --bootstrap-server 172.24.10.50:9094 --alter --entity-type topics --entity-name prompt-processing-dev --add-config retention.ms=86400000


With the Prod instance of S3-File-Notifcations run below.

.. rst-class:: technote-wide-content

.. code-block:: bash

    apptainer exec kafka_0.34.0-kafka-3.4.0.sif /opt/kafka/bin/kafka-topics.sh --bootstrap-server 172.24.10.54:9094 --alter --topic rubin-summit-notification-6 --partitions 200
    apptainer exec kafka_0.34.0-kafka-3.4.0.sif  /opt/kafka/bin/kafka-configs.sh --bootstrap-server 172.24.10.54:9094 --alter --entity-type topics --entity-name rubin-summit-notification-6 --add-config retention.ms=86400000


Upgrading Kafka
===============

See :ref:`Upgrading Kafka`

Upgrading Strimzi Operator
==========================

See :ref:`Upgrading Strimzi Operator`
