docs/users/requests-incidents.rst, before:

######################
Requests and Incidents
######################

Creating Requests with Service Now
==================================

Report Incident in Slack
========================

Slack channels in the Rubin Observatory Slack instance are used to report incidents.  An on call rotation is created to monitor the below Slack channels during daytime working hours.  The on call rotation uses the Slack group handles below and should be used when creating incidents.  Please refrain from @ a specific person when creating the incident.  Note that Slack channels will not be monitored during observing as SLAC is not currently staffed for this.

In the event that Slack is down email and Zoom will be used.

.. list-table:: Slack Channels
   :widths: 10 70 10
   :header-rows: 1

   * - Slack Channel
     - Purpose
     - Slack User Group Handle
   * - usdf-on-sky-support
     - Channel for issues, questions, and support requests for USDF related to LSSTCam on-sky commissioning.  Should be limited to issues have an impact on decisions about commissioning activities at the summit on roughly 12- to 48-hour timescales
     - usdf-help
   * - usdf-support
     - USDF user support channel. Intended for issues by end users
     - usdf-help
   * - usdf-infra-support
     - USDF infrastructure support channel, i.e., intended for developers of USDF-hosted services to raise support <br>issues related to USDF infrastructure
     - usdf-help
   * - usdf-rsp-support
     - USDF Rubin Science Platform support
     - usdf-rsp-help

Commit message:

Add Service Now process for opening tickets and maintenance posting process.

docs/users/requests-incidents.rst, after:

######################
Requests and Incidents
######################

Creating Requests with Service Now
==================================
Requests should be submitted to the SLAC Service Now following the process below.

#. Login to `Service Now <https://slacprod.servicenowservices.com/>`__ with your Windows credentials
#. Complete the ticket.  An incident number is created.

Report Incident in Slack
========================

Slack channels in the Rubin Observatory Slack instance are used to report incidents.  An on call rotation is created to monitor the below Slack channels during daytime working hours.  The on call rotation uses the Slack group handles below and should be used when creating incidents.  Please refrain from @ a specific person when creating the incident.  Note that Slack channels will not be monitored during observing as SLAC is not currently staffed for this.

In the event that Slack is down email and Zoom will be used.

.. list-table:: Slack Channels
   :widths: 10 70 10
   :header-rows: 1

   * - Slack Channel
     - Purpose
     - Slack User Group Handle
   * - usdf-on-sky-support
     - Channel for issues, questions, and support requests for USDF related to LSSTCam on-sky commissioning.  Should be limited to issues have an impact on decisions about commissioning activities at the summit on roughly 12- to 48-hour timescales
     - usdf-help
   * - usdf-support
     - USDF user support channel. Intended for issues by end users
     - usdf-help
   * - usdf-infra-support
     - USDF infrastructure support channel, i.e., intended for developers of USDF-hosted services to raise support <br>issues related to USDF infrastructure
     - usdf-help
   * - usdf-rsp-support
     - USDF Rubin Science Platform support
     - usdf-rsp-help
