docs/usdf-applications/curation/prompt-output-unembargo/index.rst, before:

##########################
Unembargo Propmpt Products
##########################

This document describes how to unembargo prompt products from Rubin embargo storage.

Setup Environment
=================

Credentials files
-----------------

- ``$HOME/.lsst/postgres-credentials.txt`` contains the credentials to access viarious Butler Postgres DBs. This file should contain credential to read the ``embargo`` bulter DB and read/write to the ``prompt_prep`` butler DB.
- If you have a ``$HOME/.lsst/db-auth.yaml`` file. rename it to something else.
- ``$HOME/.mc/config.json`` contains the credentials to access viarious Ceph Object Storage, e.g Rubin embargo s3.
- You should also have the filesystem write permission to ``/sdf/group/rubin/repo/prompt_prep``.

Setup environment
-----------------

Login to rubin-devl and run

.. code-block:: bash

   source /sdf/group/rubin/sw/profile.d/05-permissions.conf
   source /sdf/group/rubin/sw/profile.d/10-rubin.conf
   source /sdf/group/rubin/sw/profile.d/20-ceph.conf
   source /sdf/group/rubin/sw/profile.d/30-tmpdir.conf
   source /sdf/group/rubin/sw/profile.d/40-postgres.conf

   source /sdf/group/rubin/sw/w_latest/loadLSST.sh
   setup obs_lsst

The first five ``source`` commands are probably already in your ``$HOME/.profile.d``.
Afte this setup, you should have to following envionment variables defined:

- ``PGUSER=rubin``
- ``PGPASSFILE=$HOME/.lsst/postgres-credentials.txt``
- ``DAF_BUTLER_REPOSITORY_INDEX=/sdf/group/rubin/shared/data-repos.yaml``. This file list all the aliases of
  Rubin Butlers.

Check the prompt products to unembargo
======================================

Choose a day that you want to unembargo all the prompt products for. For example, 2025-11-01. Run the following
command to see prompt products collection in the ``embargo`` Butler for that day:

.. code-block:: bash

   butler query-collections embargo LSSTCam/prompt/output-2025-11-01

The output should look like:

.. code-block::

                                           Name                                              Type
  ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ -------
  LSSTCam/prompt/output-2025-11-01                                                           CHAINED
    LSSTCam/prompt/output-2025-11-01/NoPipeline/pipelines-682fa38-config-8f017ea             RUN
    LSSTCam/prompt/output-2025-11-01/Preprocessing-noForced/pipelines-682fa38-config-8f017ea RUN
    LSSTCam/prompt/output-2025-11-01/SingleFrame/pipelines-682fa38-config-8f017ea            RUN
    LSSTCam/prompt/output-2025-11-01/ApPipe-noForced/pipelines-682fa38-config-8f017ea        RUN
    LSSTCam/prompt/output-2025-11-01/Isr-cal/pipelines-682fa38-config-8f017ea                RUN
    LSSTCam/prompt/output-2025-11-01/Isr/pipelines-682fa38-config-8f017ea                    RUN

``LSSTCam/prompt/output-2025-11-01`` is a CHAIN collection. It contains six RUN collections. These RUN
collections contain the actual prompt products that we will need to unembargo

Each of the RUN collection contains a number of datasets, ranging from a few to many. To see how many
datasets in a RUN collection, run

.. code-block:: bash

  butler query-datasets --collections <a-RUN-collection> --limit 1000000 embargo '*' | wc -l

This limits the output to up to 1 million datasets, which hopefully will be enough for any RUN collection.

Unembargo prompt products
=========================

LSST-DM's transfer_embargo repo contains tools that we can use to unembargo these prompt products. The source
butler is ``embargo`` and the destinatino butler is ``prompt_prep``. Follow
the following steps to checkout the tool and prepare to run it.

- ``git clone https://github.com/sst-dm/transfer_embargo``
- ``cd transfer_embargo``
- ``git checkout -b tickets/DM-51619``
- ``cd src``

Edit the ``collections`` line in ``config_non_raw.yaml``:

.. code-block::

  - dataset_types: "*"
    collections: "<one-of-the-run-collections-from-the-above>"
    embargo_hours: 80
    instrument: "LSSTCam"
    where: ""
    avoid_dstypes_from_collections:
    - "refcats/*"
    - "skymaps"
    - "pretrained_models/*"
    - "LSSTCam/raw/all"
    - "LSSTCam/calib"

Then run the following command

.. code-block:: bash

  python ./transfer_non_raw.py --config_file ./config_non_raw.yaml embargo prompt_prep

The RUN collections above can be unembarged in parallel.

Remove prompt products after unembargo
======================================

<doc under development>

Use the following command to remove the RUN collections

.. code-block:: bash

  butler prune-datasets --where "instrument='LSSTCam' AND day_obs=20251101" --purge --dry-run <a-RUN-collection> embargo
  or should we use
  butler remove-runs embargo <a-RUN-collection> ???

Commit message:

Add RUN removal and recreation of CHAIN

docs/usdf-applications/curation/prompt-output-unembargo/index.rst, after:

##########################
Unembargo Propmpt Products
##########################

This document describes how to unembargo prompt products from Rubin embargo storage.

Setup Environment
=================

Credentials files
-----------------

- ``$HOME/.lsst/postgres-credentials.txt`` contains the credentials to access viarious Butler Postgres DBs. This file should contain credential to read the ``embargo`` bulter DB and read/write to the ``prompt_prep`` butler DB.
- If you have a ``$HOME/.lsst/db-auth.yaml`` file. rename it to something else.
- ``$HOME/.mc/config.json`` contains the credentials to access viarious Ceph Object Storage, e.g Rubin embargo s3.
- You should also have the filesystem write permission to ``/sdf/group/rubin/repo/prompt_prep``.

Setup environment
-----------------

Login to rubin-devl and run

.. code-block:: bash

   source /sdf/group/rubin/sw/profile.d/05-permissions.conf
   source /sdf/group/rubin/sw/profile.d/10-rubin.conf
   source /sdf/group/rubin/sw/profile.d/20-ceph.conf
   source /sdf/group/rubin/sw/profile.d/30-tmpdir.conf
   source /sdf/group/rubin/sw/profile.d/40-postgres.conf

   source /sdf/group/rubin/sw/w_latest/loadLSST.sh
   setup obs_lsst

The first five ``source`` commands are probably already in your ``$HOME/.profile.d``.
Afte this setup, you should have to following envionment variables defined:

- ``PGUSER=rubin``
- ``PGPASSFILE=$HOME/.lsst/postgres-credentials.txt``
- ``DAF_BUTLER_REPOSITORY_INDEX=/sdf/group/rubin/shared/data-repos.yaml``. This file list all the aliases of
  Rubin Butlers.

Check the prompt products to unembargo
======================================

Choose a day that you want to unembargo all the prompt products for. For example, 2025-11-01. Run the following
command to see prompt products collection in the ``embargo`` Butler for that day:

.. code-block:: bash

   butler query-collections embargo LSSTCam/prompt/output-2025-11-01

The output should look like:

.. code-block::

                                           Name                                              Type
  ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ -------
  LSSTCam/prompt/output-2025-11-01                                                           CHAINED
    LSSTCam/prompt/output-2025-11-01/NoPipeline/pipelines-682fa38-config-8f017ea             RUN
    LSSTCam/prompt/output-2025-11-01/Preprocessing-noForced/pipelines-682fa38-config-8f017ea RUN
    LSSTCam/prompt/output-2025-11-01/SingleFrame/pipelines-682fa38-config-8f017ea            RUN
    LSSTCam/prompt/output-2025-11-01/ApPipe-noForced/pipelines-682fa38-config-8f017ea        RUN
    LSSTCam/prompt/output-2025-11-01/Isr-cal/pipelines-682fa38-config-8f017ea                RUN
    LSSTCam/prompt/output-2025-11-01/Isr/pipelines-682fa38-config-8f017ea                    RUN

``LSSTCam/prompt/output-2025-11-01`` is a CHAIN collection. It contains six RUN collections. These RUN
collections contain the actual prompt products that we will need to unembargo

Each of the RUN collection contains a number of datasets, ranging from a few to many. To see how many
datasets in a RUN collection, run

.. code-block:: bash

  butler query-datasets --collections <a-RUN-collection> --limit 1000000 embargo '*' | wc -l

This limits the output to up to 1 million datasets, which hopefully will be enough for any RUN collection.

Unembargo prompt products
=========================

LSST-DM's transfer_embargo repo contains tools that we can use to unembargo these prompt products. The source
butler is ``embargo`` and the destination butler is ``prompt_prep``. Follow
the following steps to checkout the tool and prepare to run it.

- ``git clone https://github.com/sst-dm/transfer_embargo``
- ``cd transfer_embargo``
- ``git checkout -b tickets/DM-51619``
- ``cd src``

Edit the ``collections`` line in ``config_non_raw.yaml``:

.. code-block::

  - dataset_types: "*"
    collections: "<one-of-the-run-collections-from-the-above>"
    embargo_hours: 80
    instrument: "LSSTCam"
    where: ""
    avoid_dstypes_from_collections:
    - "refcats/*"
    - "skymaps"
    - "pretrained_models/*"
    - "LSSTCam/raw/all"
    - "LSSTCam/calib"

Then run the following command

.. code-block:: bash

  python ./transfer_non_raw.py --config_file ./config_non_raw.yaml embargo prompt_prep

The RUN collections above can be unembarged in parallel.

Remove prompt products after unembargo
======================================

<doc under development>

Use the following command to remove the RUN collections

.. code-block:: bash

  butler remove-runs embargo <a-RUN-collection> ???

<do we need to delete the empty CHAIN collections in ``embargo``?>

Recreate the CHAIN collection
=============================

<is this step needed, who should do it?>

Recreate the CHAIN collection in ``prompt_prep`` using the following commando

.. code-block:: bash

  butler collection-chain prompt_prep LSSTCam/prompt/output-2025-11-01 \
  LSSTCam/prompt/output-2025-11-01/NoPipeline/pipelines-682fa38-config-8f017ea,\
  LSSTCam/prompt/output-2025-11-01/Preprocessing-noForced/pipelines-682fa38-config-8f017ea,\
  LSSTCam/prompt/output-2025-11-01/SingleFrame/pipelines-682fa38-config-8f017ea,\
  LSSTCam/prompt/output-2025-11-01/ApPipe-noForced/pipelines-682fa38-config-8f017ea,\
  LSSTCam/prompt/output-2025-11-01/Isr-cal/pipelines-682fa38-config-8f017ea,\
  LSSTCam/prompt/output-2025-11-01/Isr/pipelines-682fa38-config-8f017ea

Note:

- The last parameter is a comma-separated list of all the RUN collections in the CHAIN collection. It is a
  single parameter, so there should be no space after the commas.
- In a CHAIN collection, the order of the RUN collections matters. The order should be the same
  as the one shown by the ``butler query-collections embargo LSSTCam/prompt/output-2025-11-01`` command above.
