docs/index.rst, before:

#####################
Rubin Data Facilities
#####################

.. Important::

    This documentation is under development.  It should not be consulted for information at this time.

Documentation is for Rubin team members that are managing and support applications at Data Facilities.  For information on S3DF outages click `here. <https://s3df.slac.stanford.edu/#/changelog?id=outages>`_

.. toctree::
   :maxdepth: 1
   :hidden:

   users/index
   developers/index
   admin/index
   usdf-applications/index
   about/index

.. grid:: 3

   .. grid-item-card:: Users
      :link: users/index
      :link-type: doc

      Information for end users on Data Facilities support and how to engage.

   .. grid-item-card:: Developers
      :link: developers/index
      :link-type: doc

      Information for developers on Data Facilities support and how to engage.

   .. grid-item-card:: Administrators
      :link: admin/index
      :link-type: doc

      Information for service administrators on Data Facilities support and how to engage.

   .. grid-item-card:: USDF Services
      :link: usdf-applications/index
      :link-type: doc

      Learn about services deployed at the USDF Data Facility.

   .. grid-item-card:: About
      :link: about/index
      :link-type: doc

      Information about the Service Support Model.

Commit message:

Added contributions doc and a front page note

docs/index.rst, after:

#####################
Rubin Data Facilities
#####################

.. Important::

    This documentation is under development.  It should not be consulted for information at this time.


.. Note::

   We encourage users to help keep these pages filled with accurate and up-to-date documentation. Please consult the :ref:`Contributions <contributions>` page for best practices to edit this website.

Documentation is for Rubin team members that are managing and support applications at Data Facilities.  For information on S3DF outages click `here. <https://s3df.slac.stanford.edu/#/changelog?id=outages>`_

.. toctree::
   :maxdepth: 1
   :hidden:

   users/index
   developers/index
   admin/index
   usdf-applications/index
   about/index

.. grid:: 3

   .. grid-item-card:: Users
      :link: users/index
      :link-type: doc

      Information for end users on Data Facilities support and how to engage.

   .. grid-item-card:: Developers
      :link: developers/index
      :link-type: doc

      Information for developers on Data Facilities support and how to engage.

   .. grid-item-card:: Administrators
      :link: admin/index
      :link-type: doc

      Information for service administrators on Data Facilities support and how to engage.

   .. grid-item-card:: USDF Services
      :link: usdf-applications/index
      :link-type: doc

      Learn about services deployed at the USDF Data Facility.

   .. grid-item-card:: About
      :link: about/index
      :link-type: doc

      Information about the Service Support Model.
