##########
Procedures
##########

Intended audience: Anyone who is administering Prompt Redis.

Deployment
==========
.. Deployment process for the application.  Included upgrades and rollback procedures

Deployment is with Phalanx and ArgoCD.

Maintenance
===========
.. Maintenance tasks. How maintenance is communicated and carried out.

The production hours are during observing.  Maintenance can be performed during the day and should be announced in the *lsstcam-prompt-processing* Slack channel.  For development announce on the *dm-prompt-processing* Slack channel if performing maintenance.

Review `Redis release notes <https://redis.io/docs/latest/operate/rs/release-notes/>`__ quarterly or if a new feature is needed to determine if Redis should be updated.  Review the supported Kubernetes version and KEDA Redis Scalar version to make sure they are supported before upgrading.  See :ref:`Upgrading Redis` to perform the upgrade.


Backup
======
.. Procedures for backup including how to verify backups.

The Redis instance does not need to be backed up currently.  This may change if there is a catch up service deployed in the future.  The configuration is in Phalanx to redeploy.

Cold Startup
============
.. Steps if needed to recover application after downtime or disaster.

No specific cold startup procedures.

Cold Shutdown
=============
.. Any procedures needed to cleanly shutdown application before USDF downtime.

No specific procedures are needed to cleanly shutdown.

Reproduce Service
=================
.. How to reproduce service for testing purposes.

Deploy with Phalanx into a different vCluster or namespace.  Follow the :ref:`Bootstrap Prompt Redis` procedure to prep the Redis keys and consumer groups.  Instances of Next Visit Fan Out and Prompt Processing will need to be deployed alongside to test application functionality.

.. _Redis Command Line:

Redis Command Line
==================
Redis has a CLI to view and manage Redis Streams. From the appropriate dev or production Prompt Processing environment access the CLI with ``kubectl exec -it prompt-redis-0 -n prompt-redis -- redis-cli``. Below displays a successful connection validated with a ping.

.. rst-class:: technote-wide-content

.. code-block:: bash

   kubectl exec -it prompt-redis-0 -n prompt-redis -- redis-cli
   127.0.0.1:6379> ping
   PONG

List Streams
============
From the :ref:`Redis Command Line` ``SCAN 0 TYPE stream`` to identify the Redis Streams configured.

.. _Bootstrap Prompt Redis:

Bootstrapping Prompt Redis
==========================

Once a new Redis instance is created with Phalanx.  Follow the procedures in :ref:`Creating Redis Streams`

.. _Creating Redis Streams:

Creating Redis Streams
======================
Redis Streams are created using the :ref:`Redis Command Line`.  The ``XGROUP CREATE`` command is used to create the Redis Stream and Consumer Group. If the Redis Cluster is destroyed the streams need to be recreated with the below commands. For Dev:

.. rst-class:: technote-wide-content

.. code-block:: bash

   XGROUP CREATE instrument:hsc hsc_consumer_group $ mkstream
   XGROUP CREATE instrument:latiss latiss_consumer_group $ mkstream
   XGROUP CREATE instrument:lsstcam lsstcam_consumer_group $ mkstream

For Prod:

.. rst-class:: technote-wide-content

.. code-block:: bash

   XGROUP CREATE instrument:lsstcam lsstcam_consumer_group $ mkstream

Clear Redis Stream
==================
To delete all the events in a Redis stream the ``DEL`` command can be used. Below is an example with LSSTCam to delete and recreate the Redis Stream. Please note there will be errors generated by Keda any Scaled Jobs connected to the stream when the stream is deleted.

.. rst-class:: technote-wide-content

.. code-block:: text

   127.0.0.1:6379> DEL instrument:lsstcam

   (integer) 1
   127.0.0.1:6379> XGROUP CREATE instrument:lsstcam lsstcam_consumer_group $ mkstream

   OK

Viewing Number of Messages in a Stream
======================================

To view the number of messages in a Redis Stream use the ``XLEN`` command followed by the key.  Below is an example.

.. rst-class:: technote-wide-content

.. code-block:: text

   127.0.0.1:6379> XLEN instrument:lsstcam
   (integer) 23961

Viewing Message Statistics
==========================
Prompt Processing is configured to ignore messages that have already been read by another consumer. To view messages statistics for a consumer group enter ``XINFO GROUPS <consumer_group_name>`` with the :ref:`Redis Command Line`. An example below with the LSSTCam consumer group. The lag is 9 so 9 messages have not been acknowledged. To manually clear these messages see the Clear Redis Stream section.

.. rst-class:: technote-wide-content

.. code-block:: text

    127.0.0.1:6379> XINFO GROUPS instrument:lsstcam
    1)  1) "name"
    2) "lsstcam_consumer_group"
    3) "consumers"
    4) (integer) 704
    5) "pending"
    6) (integer) 0
    7) "last-delivered-id"
    8) "1740691320501-1"
    9) "entries-read"
    10) (integer) 72
    11) "lag"
    12) (integer) 9

In the above example there are 72 ``entries-read`` which is 72 messages acknowledged. ``pending`` is how many messages are being actively processed by consumers, but not acknowledged yet.

Viewing Pending messages
========================
Pending messages are messages that have been delivered to a consumer within a consumer group but have not been acknowledged as processed.  There should not usually be a build up of pending messages.  To view if there are pending messages run ``XPENDING instrument:lsstcam lsstcam_consumer_group`` with the :ref:`Redis Command Line`.  Replace if the instrument name and the consumer group for a different instrument.

.. _Upgrading Redis:

Upgrading Redis
===============
To upgrade the Redis perform the following.
 #. The Square team Redis chart is used.  Review the `Releases <https://github.com/lsst-sqre/charts/releases>`__ page for the correct version.
 #. Update the `Redis Chart version <https://github.com/lsst-sqre/phalanx/blob/main/applications/prompt-redis/Chart.yaml#L10>`__ in Phalanx with the release number.
 #. Refresh and Sync in ArgoCD

Restarting Redis
================
To restart redis run ``kubectl rollout restart statefulset prompt-redis -n prompt-redis``

Trim Messages in a Stream
=========================
Redis Stream messages cannot automatically be expired or deleted within Redis.

To trim messages perform the following.
 #. Access the :ref:`Redis Command Line`
 #. Determine the stream and the number of the messages to keep.
 #. Run ``XTRIM <stream> MAXLEN <number of messages to keep>``.  For example to trim the LSSTCam stream to the 1,000 newest messages run ``XTRIM instrument:lsstcam 1000``
