docs/usdf-applications/qa/maf/info.rst, before:

#######################
Application Information
#######################

Architecture
============
.. Describe the architecture of the application including key components (e.g API servers, databases, messaging components and their roles).  Describe relevant network configuration.

Architecture Diagram
====================
.. Include architecture diagram of the application either as a mermaid chart or a picture of the diagram.

Associated Systems
==================
.. Describe other applications are associated with this applications.

Configuration Location
======================
.. Detail where the configuration is stored.  This is typically in GitHub, Kubernetes Configuration Maps, and/or Vault Secrets.

.. list-table::
   :widths: 25 25
   :header-rows: 1

   * - Config Area
     - Location
   * - Configuration
     -
   * - Vault Secrets Dev
     -
   * - Vault Secrets Prod
     -

Data Flow
=========
.. Describe how data flows through the system including upstream and downstream services

Dependencies - S3DF
===================
.. Dependencies at USDF include Ceph, Weka Storage, Butler Database, LDAP, other Rubin applications, etc..  This can be none.

Dependencies - External
=======================
.. Dependencies on systems external to S3DF including in US DAC, France or UK DF, or other external systems.  This can be none.

Disaster Recovery
=================
.. RTO/RPO expectations for application.

Commit message:

Add info on some apps.

docs/usdf-applications/qa/maf/info.rst, after:

#######################
Application Information
#######################

Architecture
============
.. Describe the architecture of the application including key components (e.g API servers, databases, messaging components and their roles).  Describe relevant network configuration.

`usdf-maf.slac.stanford.edu <https://usdf-maf.slac.stanford.edu>`__ is a public, unauthenticated web server with some server-side components.
It is deployed at USDF in its own vcluster with a container maintained by the Simulations group.
It uses data produced by the Simulations (and Survey Status) group and stored in the Weka filesystem at ``/sdf/data/rubin/shared/fbs_sims``.

Architecture Diagram
====================
.. Include architecture diagram of the application either as a mermaid chart or a picture of the diagram.

Associated Systems
==================
.. Describe other applications are associated with this applications.

Configuration Location
======================
.. Detail where the configuration is stored.  This is typically in GitHub, Kubernetes Configuration Maps, and/or Vault Secrets.

.. list-table::
   :widths: 25 25
   :header-rows: 1

   * - Config Area
     - Location
   * - Configuration
     - https://github.com/slaclab/usdf-maf-deploy
   * - Vault Secrets Dev
     -
   * - Vault Secrets Prod
     -

Data Flow
=========
.. Describe how data flows through the system including upstream and downstream services

Dependencies - S3DF
===================
.. Dependencies at USDF include Ceph, Weka Storage, Butler Database, LDAP, other Rubin applications, etc..  This can be none.

Dependencies - External
=======================
.. Dependencies on systems external to S3DF including in US DAC, France or UK DF, or other external systems.  This can be none.

Disaster Recovery
=================
.. RTO/RPO expectations for application.
